["it's britneyspears, bitch", "kassimaerose modsun loooooooove him always and 4eva", "mtvhappyland theshaneharper &lt;3", "rt mtvhappyland happyland ep1 is on the mtvapp &amp; itunes (4 free)! applehttp//t.co/rh1k9yah4d androidhttp//t.co/diblnwjsay ituneshtt...", "i just really want to be best friends with jennifer lawrence", "i would like to put out a formal request for this boy to teach me how to do my makeup", "expertviewertv ", "you know what's really awkward? finding out your prince charming is actually your brother... yikes. icymi happyland", "eron6226 look  u cuties wow", "baby_lynds this makes me very happy. (also, same.)", "eron6226 saaaaaame.", "mtvdario raphymedrano25 ", "a_bartolotte happy early birthday, bb ", "morgan13g i love you", "excitingjustice theshaneharper ", "nat wolff keeps making me more excited to see him and caradelevingne in realjohngreen's papertowns natandalex", "emilyhfb it's truly everyone's request.", "theshaneharper ", "sighzach ", "theshaneharper please be my prince charming ", "speaking of classism extending to social networks.", "transplanted genes could help boost food production &gt;techreview", "yitang zhang a prime-number proof and a world of persistence via cnet", "rt bloombergnews 200x stronger than steel, 70x more conductive than silicon, and just one atom thick", "good intro to artificial neural networks applied to text recognition by michael nielsen.", "end of the world or beginning of new things to come?", "thankfully earth is still safe from dynamics of gravity.", "iphone atm pin code hack- how to prevent via youtube", "machine learning behind this mobile security software", "rt bbc5live fancy being injected with ebola? scientists are looking for 60 healthy volunteers to safety test a potential vaccine", "ebola virus nine things to know about the killer disease", "the golden age of neuroscience has arrived via wsj", "google offers a free crash course in android development via techcrunch", "for big-data scientists, 'janitor work' is key hurdle to insights", "rt marylambertsing .itunes def being nominated and singing at thegrammys for a mass wedding!! i got to sing with madonna. who does that...", "shout out to jheneaiko for stopping by grammy hq earlier today!", "listen to our grammy hall of fame playlist of r&amp;b music from the 1970s ", "macklemore performs with fences at alt987fm's penthouse in la. view today's photo gallery", "betty who opens up about her earliest musical memories of listening to wynonnajudd", "rt latingrammys congratulations to roy feinson, official artist of the 15th annual latingrammy awards", ". pharrell + nilerodgers + daftpunk = ", "r&amp;b singer/songwriter tinashe talks about working with djmustard, mikewillmadeit, devhynes", "can't get enough gifs? take a look at our grammys gif collection here", "ed sheeran discusses how he balanced songwriting and touring for his latest album", "tonibraxton happy birthday!!", "st. vincent talks about how milesdavis influenced her self-titled album", "betty who discusses why her single \"somebody loves you\" has resonated with fans", "\"the origin of the word hiphop, first you have to be hip.\" - andre3000", "annie lennox discusses how she picked the songs for her new album of american standards", "rt latingrammys the pieces for the biggest night in latin music are coming together but can you guess what for? latingrammy", "outkast continue their reunion tour at aclfestival. view today's photo gallery", "acl (aclfestival) celebrates 40 years and more than 800 performances! aclfest", "+ joywilliams yelyahwilliams carahfaye &amp; debbyryan in this week's socialmedia roundup", "st. vincent discusses which michaeljackson album was her earliest musical memory", "rt wsjspeakeasy ny comic con catching up with jay and silent bob after 20 years of clerks (everett)", "\"the role of the artist is not to look away.\" - akira kurosawa", "rt ew 'blair witch project' actors talk about struggles on set (like going hungry)", "rt ihultquist just walked through the amazing hollywoodcostume exhibition at the lacma. highly recommend!! it's...", "rt latimesent 'alien' at 35 sigourney weaver reflects on ridley scott's masterpiece", "the moment the blair witch changed movies academyoriginals", "in la? we're celebrating costume collaborations at hollywoodcostume. see the full schedule here", "rt yahoomovies watch how the 'blair witch' moment changed film forever", "rt diandapanda just got home from the theacademy hollywood costume exhibit. if you're in la it is really worth checking out", "ff our brand new nicholl fellowship winners on twitter azureix, baronifish, alishabrophy, and scottmiles.", "this is best way to kick off oscar season! ff our brilliant producers craigzadan and neilmeron.", "it's official! the winners of the 2014 academy nicholl fellowships are...", "in la 10/4? how about a no country/big lebowski double feature next door to hollywoodcostume", "rt karinaivettec the amount of cinematic history at the hollywoodcostume exhibit is spectacular. a definite must-see.", "come one! come all! today hollywoodcostume officially opens in la! get your tickets and more info here", "rt thatrebecca edith head's 8 oscars, at the opening of theacademy's hollywoodcostume exhibition  wilshire blvd &amp;...", "rt marcmalkin seriously gorgeous. zoesaldana gorgeous hollywoodcostume theacademy", "rt nofilmschool explore the cinematic techniques steven spielberg used in 'raiders of the lost ark' vashikoo ci...", "rt discoverla the v_and_a partners w/ theacademy for a groundbreaking multimedia hollywood costume exhibit, opening thurs.", "rt theavclub explore hitchcock's obsession with eyes in this supercut", "video muhammad ali the family man", "video cumberbatch 'turing was a hero'", "britain's best baker is crowned", "video conchita calls for greater tolerance", "cumberbatch 'proud' to launch film festival", "travis dropped from pop show repeats", "video cleese 'python shows didn't excite me'", "johansson to star in tv period piece", "video grant and hurley reunited on red carpet", "royal academy to stage rubens show", "video how do bake off judges stay slim?", "dad's army film cast announced", "ee launches home tv service in uk", "singer lynsey de paul laid to rest", "police review us actor's sex case", "jk rowling solves tweet riddle", "dostoyevsky comes to notting hill", "stephen frears to receive bfi fellowship", "churchill paintings offered to nation", "the 27 artists (and two djs) in bbc music video", "\"shoulds\" are limiting opportunities, relationships, choices, confidence and careers. by lida360", "\"we are nuts. this is no secret. most entrepreneurs are crazy.\" -- saltzmanjason", ".dasheddelivery is one of our top 30 startups to watch learn more about them ent30", "how to mix business and politics without ruining your business by travertinemart", "why businesses are accelerating investment in video communications", "entrepreneurs should expect to scrape by on crumbs before the feast by coachbru", "10 easy solutions to business writing problems by publicityhound", "the venerable press release remains the cornerstone of public relations by jpilmer", "chart goals to create a road map to your success by entryescapades", "rt jwfell why learning from successes trumps learning from failure", "beat burnout but score results by thepartygoddess", "rt sandikrakowski my article in entmagazine shows that people want good news, positive posts &amp; life giving content! give it to them! htt...", "this health app does everything but go jogging for you by larryalton3", "rt stephenjbronner 3 ways outsourced shipping and logistics can speed entry to global markets by shipwire ceo", "rt rockyvy .airbnb will soon operate legally in sf. happydance", "rt rockyvy fellow caffeine-laced coffee enthusiasts we can give thanks to square for this new, efficient ordering process", "3 ways outsourced shipping and logistics can speed entry to global markets by shipwire", "come say ello to us", "rt hennesseyedit it's still bizarre that airbnb was somehow operating illegally in sf. our lauraentis explains why, and what changed ht...", "investor carl icahn tweets he will send an open letter to apple via reuters"]