["venezuela crisis averted?", ".fastft japanese, aussie stocks follow wall st rally", "tech groups warn over us online snooping", "special report executive diversity", ".fastft japanese machine orders jump 4.7% in august", ".fastft fast asia open - aussie jobs, japanese capex", "opinion putin provocations test baltic states", "fidelity hack points to jpmorgan link", "special report arab world banking and finance", "net worth how teams score financially", "opinion eu competition cases rushed out of door", "opinion travel stocks hit as ebola spooks markets", ".fastft nab takes another uk-related writedown", ".fastft us and european pc shipments a bright spot", "gap chief steps down as revenues flatline", "profits surge at primary alcoa unit", ".fastft pimco says junk bond characterisation a misnomer", "video innovative lawyers awards 2014", ".fastft gap shares fall as ceo murphy plans departure", ".fastft alcoa profits eclipse expectations as demand rises", "consultants fear mis-selling as forex brokers discover new options", "aib welcomes afs bond filter preservation", "ecb demands euroclear csd consolidation", "banks consider sealed trading rooms to reform benchmark procedures", "regulators plan standard stress tests for ccps", "deadline looms for isda group on resolution protocol", "risk-neutral pricing - hull and white debate kenyon and green", "collateral management - how market infrastructures can address the challenges", "the fear of being naked", "ecb should focus on cds spreads, not inflation", "uk has reached the limits of ambiguity", "pension funds fear hedging clampdown in austria", "consultants fear mis-selling as forex brokers discover new options", "banks baffled by looming emir rules on non-eu trades", "risk south africa rankings 2014", "focus on risk culture is 'remaking' the banking system", "blackrock adds to clamour for more ccp capital", "german banks attack basel charge for banking book rate risk", "bank treasurers warn on \"racy\" eu liquidity rules", "credit suisse excess swaps collateral falls by 45%", "what the investing gurus won't tell you about past performance [sponsored]", "when alcoa reports strong earnings, the s&amp;p 500's average gain is 3.7% -&gt; $spy $aa", "giant beat at alcoa. earnings come in at $0.31 vs. the $0.22 estimate -&gt; $aa", "earnings season is here! alcoa is up 50% ytd and they report earnings after today's closing bell -&gt; $aa", "the markets are taking-off. since 200 pm et $djia +140 points $spx +18 points -&gt;", "the nyse advance-decline line is testing this huge trendline today -&gt; $spy $nya", "there's strength in this market. you just have to look in the right places - monster -&gt; $mnst", "stocktoberfest would like to thank hbalawoffices, the startup lawyer we like &amp; use", "the top trending ticker on stocktwits right now is arrowhead research. it's bleeding red. down 50% -&gt; $arwr", "whoa! j.c. penney halted on a circuit breaker. down 6% over the last 15 minutes -&gt; $jcp", "sears is tanking. it's down 15% since 1000 am et and approaching new 52-week lows -&gt; $shld", "the s&amp;p 500 hasn't had a 10% correction in 36 months. that's one of the longest streaks ever -&gt; $spy", "only 20% of the entire nasdaq composite is trading above its 50-day moving average -&gt; $qqq", "the alibaba top -&gt; $spx $baba", "what fleetwood mac and the eagles can tell you about the active vs. passive investing debate [sponsored]", "crude oil is down 17% since june and it's now hitting its lowest levels since april, 2013 -&gt; $uso $cl_f", "at stocktoberfest, mikebellafiore will share 10 ideas to improve your trading results", "after today, the russell 2000 is now more than 11% away from its july all-time high -&gt; $iwm", "the most followed treasury bond etf, $tlt, just closed at a new high for the year -&gt;", "yum brands, the owner of taco bell and kfc, reports earnings after today's closing bell -&gt; $yum", "you asked questions, vanguard leaders answered them", "mkt timing is recipe to fail. remove emotion pick investments based on time horizon, risk tolerance &amp; goals. video", "jumpmanz you can have target date funds in an ira or a non-retirement account. more info about these funds", "how to avoid a potential tax-time bomb when you start withdrawing $ from pre-tax retirement accts in retirement", "moorecareermgmt we're happy we could be there!", "over 1 million 2008 college grads have moved back home, via learnvest. see if you're ready to move out", "how do you know if you'll have enough to retire in two years?", "budgetsaresexy very good! and also important!", "don't try to buy on the dips. video", "4 reasons why i own low-cost, actively managed funds. -vg financial planner chuck riley", "have you talked to loved ones about what happens to your money after you're gone? tips for having that conversation", "\"best practices\" for etf investing 7 rules of the road. vanguard research", "preserving your financial legacy. why designating a beneficiary on your retirement accounts is important.", "is 529 acct coming up short for paying those college bills? look to other sources fin aid, scholarships, &amp; loans.", "breaking down the total return approach to investing. video", "lower current taxes by increasing pre-tax contributions to employer plan or traditional ira. more taxsavings tips", "consider a 529 college savings account--even if you're not a parent or a grandparent.", "2 triggers to think about when looking to rebalance. video", "searching for higher yield can mean taking on more risk. total return strategy may offer a better approach. video", "how to cut taxes next april 15 and in retirement", "rt owlese \"the world was burning around them,\" tim geithner said at the aig trial. next up bernanke", "geithner, at a.i.g. trial, defends fed's loan to insurer", "'is this plain old theft, or is putin retaliating?' (photo michael appleton for nyt)", "rt mattgoldstein26 is the takeaway from jpm hack that it is \"too big to secure?\"", "rt owlese dad of 10-year-old girl who rang nyse bell for twitter responds to people who say he is exploiting his daughter", "rt owlese jpmorgan had a very subtle disclosure about hackers in a sec filing this summer", "rt owlese 'is this plain old theft, or is putin retaliating?' -- obama's unanswered question on bank cyberattacks", "cyberattack on jpmorgan raises alarms at white house and on wall street", "wall st. traders need help in boosting banks' returns", "rt dgelles glencore ceo ivan glasenberg paid $300m in local income taxes. his neighbors in swiss town voted to cut taxes by 7pc.", "tough talk on dodd-frank rules misses relevant points", "citigroup plans i.p.o. for its subprime lending unit, onemain financial", "hedge fund elliott pushes emc to break up", "truecaller, a swedish caller id start-up, raises $60 million", "why it's good to be neighbors with ceo of giant mining company (photo andrewquilty for nyt)", "rt owlese a new era of regulations hit hardest the very businesses in which goldman makes the most money", "rt petereavis tim geithner thought bofa and citi were insolvent. yet somehow the fed was able to help rescue them....", "morning agenda another twist in allergan battle", "profit at goldman less easy to find", "glencore's glasenberg pursues rio tinto, seeking to create largest mining company", "sf pension plans to invest in hedge funds -- why? - sfgate (blog)", "the hedgeco networks daily is out! stories via ldelevingne alexfrance", "conn's, inc. (conn) is luxor capital group planning something? - insider monkey (blog)", "em hedge funds suffer in september; brazil declined 10.5% - barron's (blog)", "paul singer's hedge fund pushes technology giant emc to break up - new york times", "top-performing china hedge fund exceeds $1 billion in assets--october 8, 2014 -", "hong kong protest exceeds fund manager's wildest dream - bloomberg", "top-performing china hedge fund exceeds $1 billion in assets - bloomberg", "hedge-fund manager's wildest dreams topped by hong kong protest - bloomberg", "top-performing golden china hedge fund exceeds $1 billion assets - bloomberg", "hedge-fund manager's wildest dreams topped by hong kong protest - bloomberg", "us hedge funds strengthen ownership of canadian papers editorial - toronto star", "the hedgeco networks daily is out! stories via munilass hfpr", "sf pension plans to invest in hedge funds -- why? - sfgate (blog)", "will proposed sec restrictions hurt small hedge funds? - valuewalk", "check out hedgecovest's presentation at finovate finovatefall finovate", "hedge funds add $18.4b in august, but lag s&amp;p 500 barclayhedge - barron's (blog)", "rt hedgecovest missed our finovate presentation in ny? now you can get a sneak peak of hedgecovest by watching the video", "hedge funds least bullish on brent crude in 3 years amid glut - bloomberg", "alternative assets reach $5.7 trillion in aum--october 7, 2014 -", "more than 8,000 expected at 20th annual grace hopper celebration of women in computing", "\"mr. de niro was handed a menu and he immediately signed on to star in it,\" mchale quipped", "ole miss fans raised over $95k in less than four hours to cover celebration fines and repairs", "\"our situation has become critical\" indian farmers fight coca-cola for drinking water", "dog owned by spanish nurse infected with ebola put down", "fbi posts islamic state video of masked terrorist with north american accent", "u.s. will screen for ebola at new york's jfk washington dulles newark liberty chicago o'hare atlanta hartsfield", "nfl owners approve record $1.4 billion sale of buffalo bills franchise", "vice media ceo says the online news outlet plans to stay independent", "rt writerknowles can you imagine jon stewart anchoring 'meet the press'? via bpolitics", "billionaire money manager steven a. cohen unloading $30 million fritz klein at christie's", "big tech may have a sympathetic judge in courtroom battle against big brother", "energy east an improbable pipeline that will probably be built", "rt emilychangtv the failed coup against dick costolo at twitter according to nickbilton", "total credit available for u.s. home loans is half of what it was in the late 1990s", "u.s. supreme court justice anthony kennedy temporarily halts gay marriage in idaho", "it looks like china won -- or at least averted disaster -- and without sending in the tanks", "rt bw how much will u.s. women lose over their careers because of the gendergap? $29,811,746,430,000 cc sarahks...", "rt mikedorning it's official partisan rancor in washington last year was worst in more than century. new philadelphiafed index.", "martha raddatz joins john heilemann and mark halperin on 'with all due respect' watch live"]