["six myths about getting a career in the tv and media industry careeradvice", "\"i will not regret [getting tattoos] for something shallow like a company's outdated views\" - comments wolfsimpson", "the japanese government invests heavily in helping the over 60s find work. should the uk do the same? ukcareers", "missed our live q&amp;a on how to write a successful cv and cover letter? catch up here careersadvice", "do you need to be scary to be a successful leader? tweet us your views careers", "interviewers often ask odd questions to suss out your personality. here are 4 of the weirdest and how to answer them", "expert roundup six tips on how to make a successful career change careers", "new graduate? check out how to find valuable work experience while you study students graduates jobhunt", "looking for a careerchange ? options for teachers from classroom to boardroom careeradvice", "does your interview involve a presentation? check out our eight tips on how to make your presentation shine careers", "as job competition continues to rise, young jobseekers are turning to new, smaller companies. here's why careers", "what is your interviewer thinking? how to get into the mindset of your interviewer interviewtips", "applying for a new job? have a peek at our handy cv templates to fit every stage of your career careers", "expert advice six tips on how to make a successful career change careerchange careeradvice", "what's it like to be a woman in the engineering industry? - in pictures careers", "the unwritten rules of work eg 'don't smile too much' and why you should break them careers", "worried you're a horrible boss? here's how not to be a terrible leader careeradvice", "from china to canada we look at what people across the globe value in a workplace careersadvice", "thanks yvonneyaphy your question has been put to our experts careers jobhunt", "only 10 minutes left of our live chat! leave your cv and cover letter qs for our experts now! careersadvice", "\"consider directly targetting organisations that offer the types of roles you're after on a speculative basis\"", "rt letsfirewalk last 30 mins - cv and cover letter live chat - don't miss out guardiancareers jobhunt career", "yourcareerlink would you like to pose a question to our experts? tweet us to join the debate careers", "do you have any questions about cvs or cover letters? tweet us/ post them in the comments for today's webchat 1-3pm", "\"make the body of your email your cover letter &amp; attach cv. don't write \"please find attached my cv\" careeradvice", "\"for charity roles, being able to evidence shared values is often as important as being able to evidence hard skills\"", "live do you have any questions about cvs or cover letters? tweet us/ post them in the comments for today's webchat", "fairconsult \"if you're freelance, build your cv like a portfolio. focus on highlighting key areas of expertise.\"", "live how to write a successful cv and cover letter tweet or email your qs now for our experts", "byronpardo07 thanks, your question has been added to the live debate careersadvice", "hi shona_g_ellis the q&amp;a isn't on an audio feed, but takes place in the comments of this article", "now live how to write a successful cv and cover letter tweet or email your qs now for our experts", "just 15mins to go until today's live chat on how to write a successful cv and cover letter tweet us your qs!", "10 signs a career in coding and software development might be right for you technology", "applying for a new role? check out our handy cv templates to fit every stage of your career careers", "graduate careers why small businesses offer big opportunities for graduate jobseekers careers", "rt guardianjobs how to write a successful cv and cover letter - live chat today! 1-3pm don't miss out guardiancareers", "are you a horrible boss? here's how not to be a terrible leader careeradvice", "do you have any questions about cvs or cover letters? tweet us or post them in the comments for today's webchat", "talkpoint are tattoos a stain on your job prospects and career? careers", "from problem-solving skills to beating your friends at chess, here are 10 signs a career in programming is for you", "from china to canada, we look at what people across the globe value in a workplace careers", "do you have any questions about cvs or cover letters? tweet us or post them in the comments for today's webchat 1-3pm", "applying for a new job? check out our handy cv templates to fit every stage of your career careers", "the unwritten rules of work, eg 'don't smile too much' and why you should break them careers", "what's it like to be a woman in the engineering industry? - in pictures careers", "can you be rejected for a job because of a tattoo? how about fired? we investigate how tattoos impact job prospects", "applying for a new job? have a peek at our handy cv templates to fit every stage of your career careers", "expert advice six tips on how to make a successful career change careerchange careeradvice", "looking for a career change? options for teachers from classroom to boardroom careeradvice", "newcareerguru here's a link to the most recent video, neil can't wait to hear what you think. ^tv", "20 career lessons we've learned from watching (and quoting) 'friends' for the last 20 years", "will working from home work for or against you? here are a few things to keep in mind", "10 questions (to ask a hiring manager) that will help you ace your job interviews via mainstr.", "is it right to drop everything and follow your passion? that really depends... but for some it's just a bad idea.", "newcareerguru we actually have another video we'll be releasing tomorrow -- i think you'll enjoy it. i'll pass a link once it's live! ^tv", "newcareerguru that's so great to hear, neil, and thank you for sharing it with your followers!", "how many interview questions have you practiced answering? here are a few more to prepare for", "the importance of self-confidence during your career and your job search via fastcompany. rt to pass it on!", "bestderekwalker cbsitesecurity thank you for the heads up! can you forward the email you received to tsstcareerbuilder.com? ^tv", "bridgebake being contacted by employers you aren't interested in? just let me know. i'm happy to lend a hand here! ^tv", "l_tads well, that pretty much says it all... but do you mind elaborating a little more? i might be able to help out! ^tv", "something you'll almost always encounter during an interview \"so... tell me about yourself.\" how to answer", "mike_austin__ hmmm. that might be more of a cover letter thing... i guess it depends on the job. ^tv", "you've just been asked an interview question which you know to be illegal... what do you do?", "in case you missed the good news last month, the unemployment rate dropped to 5.9%, the lowest since july 2008!", "yes, the questions you ask during your job interviews really, really matter. a few pieces of advice", "just like employers are researching you, you will have to research them. here's what they want you to find out", "note your interview has a question they can't wait to ask you. it's a question they ask everyone. are you prepared?", "we're just a few months away from 2015 and office bullying is still a huge problem. the stats everyone should know", "can your manners (or lack thereof) impact your career in a meaningful way? most definitely.", "have a few interviews lined up for this coming week? here are 5 things you can do to start preparing", "great news from september the unemployment rate dropped to 5.9%, the lowest it's been since july 2008!", "feeling a bit underqualified for that position you'd like to apply for? here are 7 ways to improve your chances", "5 things you can't afford to do when following up after a job interview", "the most desired jobs of u.s. workers 1. pro athlete 2. actor 3. k-12 teacher see the rest of the list here", "8 books about careers that you need to crack asap -- they'll help you move forward", "6 ways to lead a smart, more targeted job search retweet to pass it on!", "9 rules to follow if you want your work email game to be on point (yes, this is how i talk about work emails)", "can working from home really work for you? here are a few things to keep in mind", "29% of employers plan to add full-time, permanent staff in q4 2014, up from 25% this time last year!", "6 common personality types you'll encounter at networking events and how to adjust your approach to each", "is an advanced degree something you'll need to move your career forward? some food for thought", "4 pieces of advice to follow to make sure you aren't sharing too much personal info during interviews", "how to write your cover letter without giving away everything (you have to save a few details for the interview)", "note almost everyone has a few career tips they're willing to offer... but not all of that advice is good advice.", "okay, you're using social media, but are you using it to move your job search or career forward? a few tips", "feel like you're meant for something bigger? make a career out of making a difference! paths to explore", "would you hire this person based solely on the strength of their resume", "advice from hiring managers the interview questions you should expect to encounter and prepare for", "we've all heard this advice \"follow your passion. do what you love.\" a note that won't work for everyone.", "q how much does your college major matter in the working world? a not as much as you might think.", "feel like your job search is faltering a bit? here are 6 ways to regain that lost momentum", "6 of the most common personalities you'll encounter at networking events and how to adjust your approach for each", "advice from barley &amp; jimes -- career tips you can learn from the squad on brooklyn99fox", "think the minimum wage in your state should be raised? the majority of employers are right there with you!", "the 8 career books you need to pick up and read asap i'll give you a pass until tomorrow. happy friday!", "for tonight, this weekend, or whenever you meet people what to talk about when networking", "awesome news in september, the unemployment rate dropped to 5.9%, the lowest it's been since july 2008!", "feel like you've been applying for everything but haven't gotten anywhere in your job search? review your strategy!", "main ingredient for a small business? lots of good advice. learn from linkedin members who've been there", "rt linkedinpulse .walterisaacson on steve jobs, collaboration, and more", "if your commute feels like a life sentence, it's time to reevaluate.", "the workday is a huge part of your life. make it successful with these good habits.", "big presentation end w/ a mic-drop? share the details w/ workhigh5! we'll sketch the week's best moment on friday.", "there is a career fast lane, and you can take it any time you want.", "rt linkedinpulse don't try this at home. \"f% it, and other terrible ways to quit your job\"", "focusing on what not to do could be key to your future deepakchopra explains takebackmonday", "start with a formula, learn from mistakes, toast your success. see how one linkedin member brewed his way to success", "if you're always short on time, you should do fewer things. how to focus on the essential", "unveiled the bay area's most indemand startups of 2014", "to get something you've never had, do something you've never done.", "bringing your parents into work can have unexpected benefits biyp", "the elevator etiquette that can take you to the top.", "livingunited, this one's for you!", "to improve your decision-making and uncover your best ideas, slow down. don't aim for super-productivity.", "new school year, new tools for students decision boards, university outcome rankings and university finder.", "amanda ponzar shared that her peers call her \"a firecracker w/ nascar quality &amp; speed.\" that's worth a workhigh5!", "the day ebay &amp; paypal announced they're separating, new paypal president dan_schulman's linkedin profile saw a 289x increase in traffic.", "managing your relationship with your boss is as important as managing relationships with your subordinates.", "\"purpose is your best motivation.\" entrepreneur twinmiki shares her start-up advice profwomen", "where will wearables show up at work? not in offices -- yet. via fastcompany", "how to feel less overwhelmed and distracted (no meditation required)", "your linkedin network is full of potential. put it to work. connect w/ inspiring people, find exciting opportunities", "why you should convince your company to host bring in your parents day this year. biyp", "nothing tanks workplace culture faster than fear. address employee fear and reap these surprising benefits via inc", "someone other than your mom said \"great job?\" tweet your workhigh5 moment -- we'll sketch &amp; share our fav on fri.", "introducing linkedin's university rankings - see which schools get alumni the top jobs.", "entrepreneurs use these time-saving tools. and so should you. via entmagazine", "\"you're overqualified.\" what that really means", "handshakes = nice. workhigh5 = better. celebrate your workplace wins by tweeting them them with workhigh5.", "a good mentor can help steer your career in the right direction, says lbdesmond mentorshipmatters", "staring at email doesn't count as taking a break. your body needs an actual lack of stimulation to recharge.", "whoever hired you hired a real person and not a machine. bring your ideas and passion to work.", "it's monday. set the stage for a productive and happy week with these tricks.", "watch linkedin member lauren chop, toss, &amp; flambe her way to a new definition of success.", "clean out your inbox--and de-clutter your day--with a few simple rules. takebackmonday", "bring in your parents to work with you and say thanks for everything they've taught you", "your parents are proud of you, but do they understand what you do all day? biyp", "for the first time ever, 5 generations will soon be working side by side. make it work for your team via harvardbiz", "you're busy. here's how to build your network in just five minutes", "\"get out there, meet people, and build relationships\" - _jessification_'s advice on how to develop your career.", "one brave email could change your life. true story", "rt linkedinmktg closing the opportunity divide linkedin partners with ad council's grads of life campaign adco...", "like it or not, people judge a book by its cover. how you dress at work says volumes about you.", "this human-sized hamster wheel desk might make you more productive -- and your coworkers uncomfortable.", "from presidents to the pope, lessons from the world's top leaders makefridaysfantastic\"", "1+ million us vets to enter civilian workforce in next 5 yrs. new project helps map their skills &amp; job opportunities.", "rejection hurts. use it to push you forward, not backward. here's how", "we're excited to share that stacklead co-founders gwintrob and tedtomlinson1 will be joining the linkedin jobs team."]