["bode_sule hi !", "rt richardcalhoun has china overtaken the us as the world's largest economy? via cityam", "was phil hogan in breach of law on hinkley point nuclear project ?", "rt omfif renminbi likely to become an imf reserve currency", "rt jenanmoussa why are kurds protesting in turkey? they want turkey to open border 4 kurdish fighters &amp; ammo. kurds don't want turkish tr...", "just opened a by election online opinion poll - cast your vote here... dubw roscommonsleitrim byelections", "rt oconnellbrian protest outside birchwood house directprovision centre at the moment. sign says \"stop mental illness...\"", "rt oemoral police arrests hdp izmir co-chief cavit ugur who was attacked yesterday by thugs with firearms via tirk_e_le_bas_e", "rt diehimbeertonis could turkey's policians shut up about kurds for a sec and say sth about isis-scum roaming around killing people?? o...", "rt kgthetweet turkish armed forces tanks on the streets of diyarbakir, this morning. via reportturk", "rt fgeerdink dangerous clashes not only with police but also kurdish protesters (and sympathizers) against nationalists and hizbullah af...", "rt erbu this is how streets of diyarbakir looked like last night. curfew, military, 14 deaths. low-intensity coup.", "rt doylebytes msf says if it had 1700 fully staffed ebola beds it might dent the spread of the epidemic. it has 549.", "rt grahamwp_uk hospital in donetsk, doctor says 'shelled from ukr positions'.people too scared to stay there, just 1 girl and mum.", "water privatisation - zombie policy rearing its head in ireland - forum discussion on", "hozier itunes orlatinsley good luck. but need to ask you about that russia bashing video thing...", "hozier itunes orlatinsley good luck. but need to ask you some time about that russia bashing video thing...", "rt the_japan_news learn how to fry oysters in the japan news on oct. 10. here's a video teaser for our cooking column", "tomorrow's newspapers today", "rt barbarascully mutter mutter mutter more pups mutter mutter ambulances mutter mutter independents mutter mutter enda mutter mutter. de...", "rt mahirzeynalov turkish authorities declare curfew in entire diyarbakir, largest city in southeastern turkey.", "rt spotlightni did mi5 cover up sex abuse at kincora boys' home in belfast? we uncover explosive new evidence. tonight on bbc one ni", "rt raniaab ayn arab/kobane are same town in syria yet centcom says hit kobane 8 times, ayn arab 4. v bouckap", "borotbaorg problems with your link!", "rt rt_com raw kurdish protesters storm eu parliament in brussels", "rt kreasechan heathrow airport (terminal 2), london now being occupied by kurdish protesters regarding kobani / aynalarab, syria", "rt samiramadani1 [3]of[5] turkey stop kurd &amp; friends to save kobane. but allowed 1000s fighters to join isis ht...", "rt isham_alassad turkey deployed its tanks on the border with kobane &amp; aleppo, raqqa &amp; hasaka, avoiding pass of kurds to kobane.", "rt tomwrollins unconfirmed reports another sunken boat in the med, unclear where. fb pages report +100 dead inc women/children cc carl...", "rt fxmc1957 7 october 1959. the ussr probe luna 3 transmits the first ever photographs of the far side of the moon.", "rt rt_com 'impossible' lunar eclipse to show both moon &amp; rising sun on wednesday", "rt forexlive german industrial production aug m/m sa -4.0 % vs -1.5% exp", "rt newsbalkan north and south korea navies trade warning fire near border", "agit_huseyin obriensheehan isis supports us geostrategic goals.", "heytammybruce chris_derry this will not be the first time the kurds were asked to fight and then left high and dry isis us", "rt laureldavilacpa today is the last day to register to vote in these states. votingmatters pdmfnb voteblue turnredstatesblue", "boucherhayes johnmoynes deffo married though... -)", "rt david_osullivan large turnout at anti irishwater meeting. metropole hotel cork antiausterityalliance corks96fm utvireland", "rt abasinfo iran's fm zarif iran has put many suggestions on table in nuclear talks, now it's the other side's turn to show its will fo...", "good luck to the people of kobane tonight, dealing with isis who have night vision gear isis us daesh kobani give isis hell.", "rt bbcbreaking lord hill approved by european parliament as eu's commissioner in charge of financial regulation", "rt rosschawkins opportunity, clegg and the hardy optimism of the lib dems", "rt bbclaurak mcguinness staunchly defended process for new clerk-fairly or unfairly departure will be taken as minor victory for those wh...", "rt bbclaurak justine mcguinness had been criticised after making a speech at libdemconf criticising tories, altho she was within rules ...", "rt bbclaurak speaker's spokesperson has decided to resign", "rt bbcquestiontime here's the bbcqt panel this week - ericpickles, harrietharman, malcolmbruce, oflynnmep and wintersonworld.", "rt justparkinson what does almurray make of nick_clegg speech? and why no mention of pub dogs? libdem14", "rt bbcdemlive there's a whole lot of devolution going on when parliament reconvenes next week, says darcytip", "updated story nick clegg urges lib dems to go into next election with heads held high", "what did bbcnickrobinson make of nick clegg's speech? here's his view", "rt jponpolitics reaction to nick_clegg's speech at ldconf with ed davy and timfarron on bbc5live", "rt ialexhunt it got two thumbs up from nickclegg but what did others make of his speech. reaction live -", "rt bbcnormans nick clegg giving it plenty of wellie but seems to be struggling to get lift off from ldconf audience", "rt bbcnews lib dems promise 5 \"green laws\" on areas such as pollution, renewable energy &amp; green space - nick clegg", "vince cable says eric pickles' offices-to-flats policy is robbing people of jobs", "rt rosschawkins unusual for pol to dismiss scorn of \"professional politicians\" by voters, standard response is to fret sincerely", "rt bbcnormans nick clegg mocks ukip leader with a french pronounciation of nigel faraaage alloallo franglais ldconf", "nick clegg speech to lib conference will start soon. live video and text commentary, plus reaction etc ldconf", "nick clegg delivers his big speech to the lib dem conference from about 1pm. follow it all live - ldconf", "rt bbcnews latest ldconf coverage / subscribe to our twitter list ahead of nick clegg's speech at 1300", "nick clegg says lib dems would cut 29m people's tax bills in 2016 if they stay in government", "tim farron is attacking labour amd tories in his lib dem conference speech - live ldconf", "do lib dem members think nick clegg will still be leader this time next year? (and if not, who will be?)", "rt chrismasonbbc the liberal democrat conference has rejected a move, backed by the leadership, to allow for more airport expansion.", "rt bbcnewsnight watch 'lib dems lost our voice in coalition' nick_clegg tells newsnight's evanhd", "lib dem conference is debating football (incl that winning has become prime motive) live -http//t.co/svntbxlito", "nobel prize winner warns that policies on immigration and animal research are risking britain's scientific standing", "lib dems could change position on airport expansion and back a larger gatwick ldc2014", "rt andrewpolitics good debate tonight on battleforclacton quite first at times. well worth watching bbc 1 (east) 2235. bbc news channel ...", "rt bbcnormans nick clegg repeats call for a royal commission into drugs law reform 'ldconf", "green party membership in england and wales passes 20,000 for first time. in scotland it's tripled in month to 6,000", "rt rosenbaum6 only 13 people applied for new role of chief exec of the civil service, revealed by foi disclosure - my new blogpost", "rt vickiyoung01 cable attacks absurd tory immigration target plucked out of thin air. says lib dems must be voice of sanity", "rt daily_politics \"would you rather be run over by a train or a bus?\" asks paddyashdown when asked if lib dems want tory or labour coali...", "rt vickiyoung01 cable says tax rises will be needed and any politician who says not is lying ldconf", "rt bbcnormans vince cable accuses the tories of seeking to destroy the welfare state...\"which they detest\" ldconf", "vince cable is delivering his keynote speech to the lib dem conference. live now -", "rt afneil daily politics live from glasgow on bbc2 now !!!!! at lib dem conference", "rt markdevenport british and irish governments sign agreement to allow international visitors to travel around ireland and uk, including ...", "rt peston thatcher/reagan consensus, which spawned new labour, that equality is enemy of prosperity - in dustbin of history?", "mccain on rise of isis 'we predicted this'", "republicans pick approach to attack hillary clinton", "the secret weapon of iowa democrats obamadale", "source obama will have 'nice things to say' about dws", "chris christie accuses 'bridgegate' panel of playing politics", "nra hopes to influence three key senate races", "democrats use romney strategy on scott brown", "clinton in iowa fresh start or deja vu?", "five reasons obama's delay on immigration is political", "bill clinton and george w. bush yuk it up via danmericacnn and betsy_klein", "finger-pointing over immigration delay begins via lacaldwelldc", "foodies beware the fda is coming for your french cheese via seandkennedy83", "lyndon johnson's 'daisy' ad, which changed the world of politics, turns 50 via killoughcnn", "dnc chairwoman walker 'has given women the back of his hand'", "henry kissinger loves joking about hillary clinton 2016", "cnn poll mcconnell holds slim edge in biggest senate race of 2014", "after 30 years in senate, mcconnell runs as 'candidate of change'", "rand paul to head back to new hampshire", "why it took obama so long to address his 'no strategy' comments", "biden's warning to isis militants 'we will follow them to the gates of hell'", "glenn beck hillary clinton 'will be the next president'", "4 reasons why rick perry's exercise of power got him in trouble", "alaska senate race heats up with heinous crime in the spotlight", "mitch mcconnell's campaign manager steps down", "rand paul if 'hillary clinton worked for bill clinton, she'd probably have been fired'", "rick perry, rand paul tweak obama over 'strategy' comments", "judge dismisses chris mcdaniel challenge", "first on cnn cruz returning to new hampshire next weekend", "chelsea clinton is leaving nbc", "helping landrieu, dscc goes after cassidy on medicare", "former presidents clinton and bush to launch new initiative", "questions raised about mary landrieu's residency", "that time obama wore a tan suit and twitter freaked out", "hillary clinton breaks silence on ferguson", "rand paul blasts clinton, obama policy on syria", "burke passes on public appearance with obama - again", "labor's trumka hillary clinton is 'very, very qualified to be president'", "mcconnell 'remember me? i am the guy that gets us out of shutdowns'", "walker, burke all tied up in new poll", "gillibrand says fellow lawmaker called her 'porky'", "kim jong un has been absent for 36 days. here's why you should hope he returns to the spotlight by isaacstonefish", "commerce secretary sees increased trade, better governance as one crisis antidote", "kurdish officials say they have been betrayed by ankara. what game is turkey playing in kobani? davidkenner reports", "last week, two prominent venezuelans were killed one for politics and one for no reason at all. dlansberg reports.", "destroying a $30,000 islamic state pickup truck can cost half a million dollars, jkookood reports", "a single airstrike against the islamic state can cost $500,000. that's a lot to take out a pickup truck or two.", "kim jong un has been absent for 36 days. here's why you should hope he returns to the spotlight by isaacstonefish", "pentagon says kobani could fall, and so could other towns like it in the long fight against isis. k8brannen reports", "you can't understand how beleaguered kobani is until you see these maps", "the execution of five men in a gang-rape case is no victory for human rights in afghanistan, writes siobhan_ogrady", "38 out of 55 african nations have laws punishing sodomy. it's time to say this is not ok", "[photos] the women who fled the islamic state's latest assault, by andrewquilty", "the xinjiang production and construction corps, one of the oddest organizations in all of china, just turned 60.", "dilma is on track for re-election in brazil. but that's mostly because there's no one better", "new restrictions could be sending hundreds of thousands of refugees from thailand back to myanmar", "five reasons why a quiet north korea is still probably a deadly north korea", "with isr still tied up in afghanistan, u.s. military is forced to make choices in iraq and syria, k8brannen reports.", "last week, two prominent venezuelans were killed one for politics and one for no reason at all. dlansberg reports.", "you can't understand how beleaguered kobani is until you see these maps", "[exclusive] previously classified cables show how the u.s. tried to engage and undermine kurdish forces in kobani", "what hong kong's occupy central can learn from the tahrir square uprising", "u.s. troops could be fighting ebola for up to a year in west africa, k8brannen reports", "new restrictions could be sending hundreds of thousands of refugees from thailand back to myanmar", "kurdish officials say they have been betrayed by ankara. what game is turkey playing in kobani? davidkenner reports", "oil made isis the richest terror group. how have u.s. airstrikes fared in hitting its oil operations? kfj_fp reports", "[photos] the women who fled the islamic state's latest assault, by andrewquilty", "dilma is on track for re-election in brazil. but that's mostly because there's no one better", "turkey is talking tough about the islamic state, but it's still not ready for war", "you can't understand how beleaguered kobani is until you see these maps", "can the pentagon defeat the military's invisible killer? excerpt from yochidreazen's new book", "with isr still tied up in afghanistan, u.s. military is forced to make choices in iraq and syria, k8brannen reports.", "turkey faces threats from the islamic state on two of its borders. why is it so hesitant to join the anti-is fight?", "with kobani on the verge, coalition brass is weighing ground forces against the islamic state, g_ratnam reports", "biden's apologies to turkey and the uae show the dangers of accidentally telling the truth.", "why even margaret thatcher's worst enemies were seduced by her foxy charms", "yochi dreazen discusses the trend in suicides of soldiers who fought in afghanistan at...", "can the pentagon defeat the military's invisible killer? excerpt from yochidreazen's new book", "fp celebrates the release of yochi dreazen's new book theinvisiblefront", "dilma is on track for re-election in brazil. but that's mostly because there's no one better", "fp managing editor for news yochi dreazen discussing his new book, out today, theinvisiblefront"]