["the strongest and fittest women on the planet compete in the crossfitgames. check it out on espn or right here", "drop the puck! the 2014-15 season begins with the oldest rivalry in the nhl torvsmtl", "our new 30for30 short \"the great trade robbery\" looks at one of the most lopsided trades in pro sports history -&gt;", "the mullet is back! here's the nhlbarrymelrose 2014-15 nhl season preview.", "as part of onenacion, jackdaniels_us takes a look at the evolution of the thisissc campaign.", "\"if guys aren't in this locker room i don't have much time for them -- if any.\" - chris bosh on lebron james (http//t.co/roynqilquk)", "sidney crosby has been moonlighting as the penguins' season ticket delivery man.", "here's the latest windmill slam dunk over a car. blake griffin likely approves.", "the nhl returns tonight. our experts predict who will hoist the stanley cup this season -&gt;", "kangaroos are boxing in the street. kangaroos are boxing in the street? kangaroos are boxing in the street!!!", "it might be preseason, but brandon jennings' mid-court shot is in mid-season form.", "it's ugly, but it works. the sfgiants keep winning playoff games leaving their opponents wondering how and why -&gt;", "clayton kershaw hadn't given up a hr on a curveball to a left-handed batter in his career. then, matt adams happened", "rt espnfc breaking news arsenal's mesut ozil has been ruled out for 10-12 weeks with a knee injury. afc", "this insane one-handed football catch might require multiple viewings.", "speaking of classism extending to social networks.", "transplanted genes could help boost food production &gt;techreview", "yitang zhang a prime-number proof and a world of persistence via cnet", "rt bloombergnews 200x stronger than steel, 70x more conductive than silicon, and just one atom thick", "good intro to artificial neural networks applied to text recognition by michael nielsen.", "end of the world or beginning of new things to come?", "thankfully earth is still safe from dynamics of gravity.", "iphone atm pin code hack- how to prevent via youtube", "machine learning behind this mobile security software", "rt bbc5live fancy being injected with ebola? scientists are looking for 60 healthy volunteers to safety test a potential vaccine", "ebola virus nine things to know about the killer disease", "the golden age of neuroscience has arrived via wsj", "google offers a free crash course in android development via techcrunch", "for big-data scientists, 'janitor work' is key hurdle to insights", "bolton star holden admits fears over injury bolton wanderers midfielder stuart holden is anticipating bad news ...", "krulak lerner aware of villa fans' frustration aston villa fans have been told that owner randy lerner is awar...", "argentina olimpo beat boca junior to go top olimpo moved a point clear at the top of the argentinian clausura ...", "galaxy 1-1 new england juninho nets again galaxy 1-1 new england juninho nets again", "england call up for wolves winger matt jarvis wolves winger matt jarvis has been included in the england squad ...", "hercules dismiss vigo after heavy defeat hercules have sacked coach esteban vigo following sunday evening's 4-0...", "ligue 1 marseille see off psg, monaco beaten marseille climbed into second place in the ligue 1 table with a 2...", "la liga sevilla beat valencia, malaga win sevilla kept their chances of achieving top-four finish alive with a...", "ligue 1 nancy add to monaco relegation woes nancy eased their ligue 1 relegation fears as andre luiz's early g...", "bundesliga second-placed bayer down schalke bayer leverkusen moved to within seven points of bundesliga leader...", "la liga malaga win, hercules thrashed salomon rondon hit both goals as malaga boosted their chances of primera...", "celtic 1-2 rangers celtic 1-2 rangers", "eredivisie psv eindhoven hold onto top spot psv eindhoven maintained their slender lead at the top of the ered...", "serie a inter close gap on milan to two points inter milan took full advantage of ac milan's defeat on saturda...", "houllier vows to steer aston villa to safety gerard houllier says his aston villa players are \"worried\" about t...", "it's time for the premiere of lessonteelive. have an instructional question? tweet &amp; watch", "dirty laundry lee westwood weighs in on how u.s. handled rydercup loss", "are you ready to turn on, tune-in &amp; tee off? don't miss the series premiere of lessonteelive tonight at 8pm et.", "no longer the supporting actor. rexhoggardgc on carlos ortiz's rapid journey to the pgatour", "now casting teams of two for a competition series that will test your game &amp; fitness. single-digit hdcp or better", "need help with your gcfantasy golf picks? check out who our experts like this week at the frysopen", "rt willgraygc westwood on u.s. ryder cup fallout \"i think it's a little bit disappointing to see all the dirty laundry aired in public.\"", "the season opener of gcfantasy golf begins this week with the frysopen. make your picks", "celebrate 20 years of golf's greatest moments with thegolfbook (on sale 10/28) available for pre-order now", "rt gca lessonteelive hosts annabelrolley &amp; bcrowellpro want to know how you've been playing lately!", "top teams. biggest disappointments. ryanlavnergc provides a look at this week's storylines in collegegolf", "fresh off the u.s. rydercup loss, rickie fowler's picked himself up &amp; found a new flame", "want to win a trip to the host venue of the ryder cup? click here to enter", "after a short 24-day offseason, the pgatour is back this week at the frysopen. take a look inside the numbers", "david howell named 5th &amp; final member of 2016 european rydercup captain selection panel", "rt krusherkovalev welcome to russian sauna,hopkins!", "rt mavenenorubio 11 dias de la guerra! preparando al 100. ahi los miro mi gente. espero su apoyo! puro mexican style! hboboxing garciab...", "rt mensfitness fit five 5 questions with boxing champ gennady golovkin hboboxing", "\"boxing to me is not a sport that you throw punches, it's an art. when i'm in there, i'm miles davis.\" - therealbhop", "rt ericraskin living legend therealbhop on new hboboxing podcast (fun game pretend bhop is samuelljackson in...", "rt chrisalgieri ...woodsy1069 hboboxing don't have that option- i have a world to shock boxing pacalgieri", "rt chrisalgieri damn it's cold in ny today! this road work needs to get done though pacalgieri venetianmacao hboboxing", "in this installment of hey harold! shotfighter26 explains how his original score of a fight is always his best score", "on the newest edition of hey harold!, shotfighter26 explains what it takes to become a judge", "rt gggboxing thanks mensfitness for this look inside my training camp. more to come on october 18 on hboboxing golovkinrubio", "rt patricksportstv upcoming hboboxing schedule golovkinrubio alienvskrusher pacalgieri crawfordbeltran", ".canelooficial spent his tuesday at the hbo offices meeting with members of the media and hosting a q&amp;a with staff.", "hbo sports statement \"everybody at hbo is saddened by the sudden loss of dan goossen. our prayers are with the entire family.\" ken hershman", "happy birthday budcrawford402!", "rt abelthesummit ggg getting in peak form to give his fans a dramatic fight oct 18 on hbo tomloeffler1 berniebahrmasel hboboxing", "it's time for the premiere of lessonteelive. have an instructional question? tweet &amp; watch", "dirty laundry lee westwood weighs in on how u.s. handled rydercup loss", "are you ready to turn on, tune-in &amp; tee off? don't miss the series premiere of lessonteelive tonight at 8pm et.", "no longer the supporting actor. rexhoggardgc on carlos ortiz's rapid journey to the pgatour", "now casting teams of two for a competition series that will test your game &amp; fitness. single-digit hdcp or better", "need help with your gcfantasy golf picks? check out who our experts like this week at the frysopen", "rt willgraygc westwood on u.s. ryder cup fallout \"i think it's a little bit disappointing to see all the dirty laundry aired in public.\"", "the season opener of gcfantasy golf begins this week with the frysopen. make your picks", "celebrate 20 years of golf's greatest moments with thegolfbook (on sale 10/28) available for pre-order now", "rt gca lessonteelive hosts annabelrolley &amp; bcrowellpro want to know how you've been playing lately!", "top teams. biggest disappointments. ryanlavnergc provides a look at this week's storylines in collegegolf", "fresh off the u.s. rydercup loss, rickie fowler's picked himself up &amp; found a new flame", "want to win a trip to the host venue of the ryder cup? click here to enter", "after a short 24-day offseason, the pgatour is back this week at the frysopen. take a look inside the numbers", "david howell named 5th &amp; final member of 2016 european rydercup captain selection panel", "rt pmharper tonight marks the beginning of what i'm sure will be another exciting season of nhl hockey. nhlfaceoff", "the nhlbruins are about to head out for the 2nd period with a 1-0 lead over the nhlflyers. who scores the next one?", "for users who've experienced issues with the nhl app on ps4, please install the update found in your notifications to access live games.", "jackcampo1 we missed you too jack. it's great to see you again.", "max pacioretty blows by the defenseman to score the first goal of the season for the habs", "the nhlbruins take the lead in their home opener. reilly smith buries on the power play to put boston up 1-0 on philadelphia bosvsphi", "goal! 43_kadri tips one home to tie things up between the mapleleafs and canadiensmtl.", "first shot, first goal. max pacioretty scores the first of the season to put the canadiensmtl up 1-0 on the mapleleafs. torvsmtl", "rt thereal_devin wow! the new ref faceoff helmet cam is a pretty awesome addition for the nhl. pretty crazy view for fans watching at ho...", "game on!", "there's a bit of a party going on in toronto for nhlfaceoff.", "rt mapleleafs props tmltalk", "we're getting close to puck drop between canadiensmtl and mapleleafs. who's your pick to score the first goal of the season? nhlfaceoff", "hockey. tonight. which game (or four) will you be watching? nhlfaceoff", "will the lakings start their season off on the right foot against the sanjosesharks tonight?", "top 10 disappointments (via aroundthenfl) 1. saints 3. e.j. manuel 7. foles/mccoy full", "rt nflnetwork who will win colts or texans?", "bill belichick says sammy watkins reminds him of another star wr", "rt eagles black jerseys. black pants. blacksunday is coming.", "rt rapsheet bengals wr aj green is seeing the doc tomorrow after suffering in practice the same toe/foot injury as before. status for su...", "rt aroundthenfl goodell nfl continues to work on domestic violence issues", "nfl debuts film for education of domestic violence", "rt nflnetwork bringing you live coverage of roger goodell's press conference right now on nfl network.", "rt harrisonnfl fantastic, and unique, look at the biggest trade in nfl history. herschel", "rt nfl_cfb 2015 nfl draft order + team needs ... if the season ended today (via gil_brandt) --&gt;", "odell, e.j., branden, sammy or k'waun? who should win pepsi rookie of the week? vote", "he's the nfl's leading rusher... and the cowboys want to lessen his workload", "rt nfl_cfb high school player goes full beastmode. aboutthatactionboss video", "rt twmf how does one become a super bowl fanatic? sean broadman shares his story", "\"if we don't get this thing on the right track, i don't think for a minute i'll be here.\"", "the 1985 royals were a magical club led by the iconic georgehbrett. where are they now?", "rt cut4 photo kansas city church grants billy butler the right to 'steal'", "remembering when the orioles and royals last partied this far into october. alcs", "rt cut4 retrace how the orioles, royals, cardinals and sfgiants found themselves lcs bound", "game times set for alcs, nlcs", "bid now on game-used postseason items and bring home a piece of history.", "breaking down the royals and orioles, position by position. alcs", "in an exhilarating postseason, the best is yet to come, writes richardjustice", "one of the big keystothegame for the orioles in alcs is shutting down the royals' running game chryslerautos", "it's an even year - sfgiants fans are hoping for more magic. usarmy clinchtober", "rt royals royals are on their way to baltimore! takethecrown alcs", "after two full days without baseball, these gorgeous venues will be a sight for sore eyes. postseason", "who will win the alcs orioles or royals? bigleaguedecisions", "rt mlbgifs josh beckett was nails to help clinch the 2003 worldseries for the marlins. mlb will miss him.", "\"go crazy, folks! go crazy!\" - for cardinals fans, jack buck's immortal call still applies.", "rt rio2016_en the best paralympic athletes will be here in 700 days! who's excited? o/", "\"hard work has made it easy. that is my secret. that is why i win\". - nadiacomaneci10 wisdom olympics", "a spring view above copacabana - awesome location for beach volleyball in 2016!", "a literal throwback tbt", "rt lindseyvonn 500 days to go to lillehammer2016. so happy to be an ambassador again for the youtholympics. get active kids!", "awesome legacy facts triviatuesday winterolympics", "here is a view of rio that will brighten up your tuesday! 675 days to go! rio2016_en olympics rio2016", "it's a kind of a magicjohnson motivationalmonday", "stockholm 1912 - london 2012 tbt polevault", "rt paralympic to celebrate the ipc's 25th anniversary, we made a film about the last 25 years. video &gt;&gt;", "rt iocmedia olympic movement supports international day of peace", "stockholm 1912 - london 2012 tbt gymnastics", "rt rio2016_en yey! tickets prices are here rio2016ticket", "26 years ago today the rings fell from the sky. seoul88 openingceremony olympics", "on this day 14 years ago sydney 2000 olympic games opening ceremony was held! sydney2000 olympics", "which of these players will fit in best with his new team? nbacom writers weigh in", "rt nbacom what was this summer's most memorable nba moment? our writers make their picks blogtable", "rt nba_au good to see varejaoanderson showing matthewdelly around his home country. nbaglobalgames nbainaus nbabrasil", "come out &amp; meet nba champ horace grant tomorrow!", "rt cavs cavstv behind-the-scenes at day one of the team's nbaglobalgames trip to brazil. [video]", "rt varejaoanderson riodejaneiro nbaglobalgames paodeacucar cavs nbabrasil nba", "rt spurs the spurs first preseason game is in the books. photos highlights", "following opencourt, keep it locked on nbatv for nyknicks/celtics at 730pm/et.", "rt nbacom wild buzzer-beater by albaberlin's jamel mclean stuns the spurs 94-93 in berlin video", "rt miamiheat keep an eye on what the heat players &amp; coaches have been up to on their first day in brazil with this photo gallery", "\"i need this challenge...i'm looking forward to seeing how i respond to it.\" dwyanewade on entering his 12th season", "rt ticketmaster .nba fans! comment on our facebook post for a chance to win 2 tickets to see your team play htt...", "rt nbacares photo gallery spurs, albaberlin team up for specialolympics clinic in berlin nbaglobalgames", "rt nba_coaches video chicagobulls head coach tom thibodeau talks to nbatvjared about dressing for success", "jamel mclean of alba berlin banked in a game-winner at the buzzer to defeat the spurs 94-93. parker led sa w/ 28 pts. nbaglobalgames"]