["super typhoon vongfong is a formidable threat for japan. details", "rt wxchannelshows weather word of the day - steam devil. learn more abt this amazing weather event sunday  9/8c on strangestweather. ht...", "rt wakeupwithal what should you &amp; your family do before disaster strikes? just ask elmo &amp; alan from sesamestreet .", "per nwslouisville, paris, ky tornado is preliminary ef1. one woman sucked out of a house, landing on driveway, requiring stitches.", "mt twc_hurricane timeline of potential peak impacts of vongfong in japan. large uncertainty regarding okinawa.", "rt sean_breslin some of the best shots of this morning's lunar eclipse right here", "thanks for those! mt weather_lov3r pictures of the lunareclipse here in lindenwood queens ny. 547-553am.", "eclipse in catamarca, argentina. thanks to gonza martinez for posting! keep 'em coming, folks!", "am severe t-storms rumbling through s. new england with damaging wind threat.", "the lunar eclipse is underway. we'd love to see your photos/video. tweet them at us, or upload to", "tornado warning for ocean county in nj until 200 am edt", "tornado warning for logan county in ky until 1130 pm cdt", "tornado warning for todd county in ky until 1115 pm cdt", "tornado warning for mercer county in wv until 1215 am edt", "tornado warning for logan county in ky until 1100 pm cdt", "tornado warning for christian and todd counties in ky until 1045 pm cdt", "940pm et tornado watch update - ohio no longer in the watch; small portion of western va added to the watch.", "tornado warning for floyd, johnson and martin counties in ky until 945 pm edt", "tornado warning for floyd, johnson, magoffin and morgan counties in ky until 930 pm edt", "tornado warning for martin county in ky until 900 pm edt", "tornado warning for bath, menifee and montgomery counties in ky until 915 pm edt", "830pm et tornado watch continues until 11pm for portions of ky, wv, and extreme southern oh.", "libertariankong thank you for sending this to us! may we use it on-air and on", "severe hail report kywx rt libertariankong georgetown ky", "earlier near lexington, ky rt backtogray more hail photos from franklin co/scott co from earlier wx kywx", "tornado warning for menifee, montgomery, morgan and wolfe counties in ky until 900 pm edt", "819pm et reminder - we are live with updates on the storms in kentucky. tune to your sd channel for the latest.", "815p et radar indicating area of rotation just nw of lexington, se of georgetown, ky. storm moving e at 55 mph", "812p et radar indicating rotation northeast of grassy creek near west liberty, ky. storm moving e at 50 mph. kywx", "tornado warning for johnson, magoffin and morgan counties in ky until 900 pm edt", "8pm et live coverage of the severe storms in kentucky continue - tune to your sd channel for updates.", "irenecarmichae1 we're still live on the sd channel for areas affected by the storms.", "tornado warning for menifee and montgomery counties in ky until 830 pm edt", "tornado warning for elliott, johnson and morgan counties in ky until 845 pm edt", "748pm et funnel cloud reported by law enforcement in the northern part of fayette county in ne lexington, ky.", "744pm et doppler radar indicating rotation northeast of lexington, ky. storm is moving e at 50 mph. kywx", "tornado warning for franklin, scott and woodford counties in ky until 815 pm edt", "tornado warning for johnson and martin counties in ky until 830 pm edt", "736pm et severe storm winds blew a tree onto a house in owingsville. as many as 4,356 w/out power throughout ky", "tornado warning for bath, menifee and morgan counties in ky until 815 pm edt", "tornado warning for bourbon, clark, fayette and scott counties in ky until 755 pm edt", "726p et tornado-warned storm in georgetown, ky has history of producing golfball-sized hail; moving e at 50 mph", "rt staci_75 just below lexington kentucky. ..", "tornado warning for bath, elliott, menifee, morgan and rowan counties in ky until 745 pm edt", "tornado warning for brown, monroe and morgan counties in in until 745 pm edt", "tornado warning for johnson, magoffin and morgan counties in ky until 745 pm edt", "705pm edt a pair of tornado warnings in effect in the lexiington, ky metro area. storms are moving e at 45 mph.", "tornado warning for bath, menifee and montgomery counties in ky until 730 pm edt", "tornado warning for franklin, scott and woodford counties in ky until 735 pm edt", "650pm edt tornado warning issued for north middletown, east of lexington, ky. storm moving east at 45 mph. kywx", "many flood warnings out for the uk - find out if your location is affected here jo", "thanks for sending us your lunareclipse pics. toshi nema took this in tokyo. more here jo", "radar imagery shows lots of showers, some heavy and thundery. conditions on the roads will be poor at times. jayw", "there have been reports of tornadoes across parts of the midlands &amp; nw england this afternoon with some damage reported. stav d", "rt bbcnewsus air tanker pilot battling a wildfire in yosemite national park in california dies after crash", "these heavy showers will be giving rise to hazardous driving conditions - so take care out on the roads. stav d", "the focus of the heaviest showers are currently affecting wales, north midlands, central southern england &amp; n.ireland. stav d", "many flood warnings out for the uk - find out if your location is affected here jo", "rt bbcworld met office to open a new space weather warning centre in the uk bbcgofigure", "typhoon vongfong &amp; cyclone hudhud are two storms we're keeping an eye on. phil a has more aj", "video time lapse of bloodmoon lunareclipse - jo. pic by andy barker in australia.", "victor_taddeu hi! it's visible in n america, australia, w south america &amp; e asia. europe, africa &amp; e part of brazil will miss out this time", "high tides expected in devon &amp; cornwall tonight and tomorrow morning. keep up to date on flood warnings here jo", "thanks for sending us your lunareclipse pics. toshi nema took this in tokyo. more here jo", "exactly four weeks until bonfirenight but we already have our own catherine wheel bringing showers today! ben", "the next crop of heavy and frequent showers are continuing to make their way across wales &amp; sw england as i tweet. stav d", "southasia latest image of cyclone hud hud. phil a", "south asia cyclone hud hud is moving wnw across the bay of bengal to reach odisha coast of india during the weekend. phil a", "dundee is living up to its reputation as a sunny city with a morning of abundant blue sky. nick m", "tracey_hansen bbcworld thanks for sharing, tracey. looks eery! jo", "here's the culprit for all the showers low pressure spinning around, flinging downpours in our direction. ben r", "this is how the bloodmoon is currently looking in parts of asia. watch live jo", "windsororhometo hi! it's visible in n america, australia, w south america &amp; e asia. europe, africa &amp; e brazil will miss out this time. jo", "lunareclipse visible in n america, australia, w south america &amp; e asia. europe, africa &amp; e part of brazil will miss out this time. jo", "our recent radar image shows where we've had some of the wettest weather so far. big puddles in se england. ben r", "asia vongfong moving wnw but due to turn north next 24hrs. course may take it into s japan by weekend. phil a", "some heavy downpours over wales &amp; sw eng - some with lightning. here's the uk pic for midday. jo", "the end may be in sight for the rain in ne scotland but there are still heavy bursts with another 4.6mm in lossiemouth in the last hour. nm", "lunareclipse is underway. we'd love to see your pics/video. tweet them at us, or send to weatherpicsbbc.co.uk jo", "video flash floods hit southern france. thousands moved from homes jo. pic afp/getty", "watch live total lunareclipse in parts of asia jo bloodmoon", "the metoffice launches uk's dedicated spaceweather forecast centre today. more here jo", "rt bbcbreakfast heading out? best take your brolly! more on carolkirkwood's facecast bbcbreakfast", "west sussex has been bearing the brunt of torrential thundery downpours so far today. shoreham had 15mm between 8 and 9am. nick m", "one rain warning &amp; 20 flood warnings for scotland today. 1 flood warning for sw england. details &amp; links here alina", "flooding affecting travel in some parts of ne scotland this morning alina j", "parts of the world are currently seeing this. eclipse bloodmoon", "drying up for much of scotland by afternoon, but heavy showers rattling across england, wales &amp; n ireland. ben r", "our recent radar image gives a snapshot of the soggiest spots especially n scot &amp; se eng. showers elsewhere. ben r", "a chilly start for many 3c in glasgow &amp; rochdale at 6am. but milder in the south and west a balmy 14c in southampton &amp; swansea. ben r", "the wettest place yesterday in the uk was lossiemouth in moray and it's still raining; though this will ease today. emma b", "turning very wet across southeast england then east anglia through the morning. expect some heavy and possibly thundery downpours. nick m", "rain in north and northeast scotland will slowly fizzle out today but a warning is still in force nick m", "the rain continues in n scotland, and showers are returning to the south and west of the uk. mattt", "usa approx 900 lightning flashes have accompanied the rain heading ne'wards through the ohio valley in the past 2hrs", "india a year on from phailin, we may be about to see another cyclone develop and head for orissa this week. matt", "tuesday's weather round-up... warmest exeter 15.8c coldest (day) fylingdales 8.1c sunniest tiree 9.6hrs wettest lossiemouth 45.6mm mt", "here's a snapshot of tomorrow's weather. some heavy showers around - take care on the roads. windy, esp in sw. jayw", "need to know what's up ahead? jay wynne has some detail on this week's weather and on into next week.", "vongfong is now a violent typhoon. here's the latest satellite image/forecast track. note the eye-wall. mattt", "az will continue to experience heavy rainstorms through wednesday night wunderground", "you don't see a severe weather map this inactive very often.", "lunareclipse over tampa bay, florida wunderground photography", "dr. masters says, \"super typhoon vongfong a threat to japan; tropical cyclone hudhud menaces india\" hurricane", "tornado warning for ocean county in nj until 200 am edt", "tornado warning for logan county in ky until 1130 pm cdt", "tornado warning for todd county in ky until 1115 pm cdt", "tornado warning for mercer county in wv until 1215 am edt", "tornado warning for logan county in ky until 1100 pm cdt", "tornado warning for christian and todd counties in ky until 1045 pm cdt", "tornado warning for floyd, johnson and martin counties in ky until 945 pm edt", "tornado warning for floyd, johnson, magoffin and morgan counties in ky until 930 pm edt", "tornado warning for martin county in ky until 900 pm edt", "tornado warning for bath, menifee and montgomery counties in ky until 915 pm edt", "tornado warning for menifee, montgomery, morgan and wolfe counties in ky until 900 pm edt", "tornado warning for johnson, magoffin and morgan counties in ky until 900 pm edt", "tornado warning for menifee and montgomery counties in ky until 830 pm edt", "tornado warning for elliott, johnson and morgan counties in ky until 845 pm edt", "tornado warning for franklin, scott and woodford counties in ky until 815 pm edt", "tornado warning for johnson and martin counties in ky until 830 pm edt", "tornado warning for bath, menifee and morgan counties in ky until 815 pm edt", "tornado warning for bourbon, clark, fayette and scott counties in ky until 755 pm edt", "tornado warning for bath, elliott, menifee, morgan and rowan counties in ky until 745 pm edt", "tornado warning for brown, monroe and morgan counties in in until 745 pm edt", "tornado warning for johnson, magoffin and morgan counties in ky until 745 pm edt", "tornado warning for bath, menifee and montgomery counties in ky until 730 pm edt", "tornado warning for franklin, scott and woodford counties in ky until 735 pm edt", "tornado warning for bourbon county in ky until 720 pm edt", "tornado warning for monroe, morgan, owen and putnam counties in in until 715 pm edt", "tornado warning for morgan, owen and putnam counties in in until 645 pm edt", "tornado warning for henry, oldham and shelby counties in ky until 635 pm edt", "tornado warning for clay, harlan, leslie and perry counties in ky until 615 pm edt", "tornado warning for clay, jackson and laurel counties in ky until 600 pm edt", "dr. masters says, \"super typhoon vongfong winds hit 180 mph earth's strongest storm since haiyan\"", "tornado warning for jackson, laurel and rockcastle counties in ky until 515 pm edt", "\"top 10 deadliest volcanic eruptions since 1900\" volcano", "tornado warning for lincoln county in ky until 455 pm edt", "tornado warning for bath, fleming, menifee, montgomery and rowan counties in ky until 515 pm edt", "tornado warning for lewis county in ky until 445 pm edt", "tornado warning for adams and scioto counties in oh until 445 pm edt", "tornado warning for lewis and mason counties in ky until 430 pm edt", "tornado warning for adams and brown counties in oh until 430 pm edt", "tornado warning for harrison and scott counties in ky until 415 pm edt", "tornado warning for grant and owen counties in ky until 400 pm edt", "lightning storm in shawnee, ks wunderground weatherphotos", "there is risk of severe thunderstorms today across ky, oh, and wv wunderground", "dr. masters says, \"super typhoon vongfong headed towards japan\"", "tornado warning for catoosa, walker and whitfield counties in ga until 900 pm edt", "beautiful shot of myrtlebeach, sc. thanks rick849187 for sharing! wunderground", "tornado warning for wayne county in ky until 645 pm cdt"]